hey guys welcome back and these are
there's a small episode this is the
start in town from black and white one
so for you know we look around see if we
can find out all the character she pees
on it probably not but if he is I'll be
awesome thanks dad I can't go who's
houses who but we'll just talk to
everyone so forget anything
yeah we got something
yes but I don't think this is characters
house has got stairs
this was
why are you nice to TV upstairs just
wasting the tricity you never watching
that TV because it's just the worst
okay you got nothing to say guys fair
enough
that's one house in this house
let's go upstairs they went up here okay
so probably the Yonkers house because
the pink one knows what the hell does
the hairy sleep so their house but I
don't know okay that's nice
what do you have to say probably much
more interested in his English but never
might get some things like might happen
you know I go to Professor junipers lab
who last and I this is the characters
house I guess right in the middle and
yeah it makes sense
oh there's Dakota's mom always songs
happening so Humber end
vote yes okay
so that was the characters mum from
number one he's gotta be somewhere okay
sways I've just TV on Oh what's this
dr. Robin actually quite curious what
that is we shall check that crown keys
thanks this is PC no we can't cuz we
games you're playing why he's got a weak
self promotion of Nintendo
those are characters house I was pretty
cool I think I'm not liking things like
the M well you got a silver look into
the window yon gold and soul silver
pretty awesome
Oh as a Gin Fizz damn it still came
first
he's very happy to see me yeah okay
I've yes Marcus Anthony of paper look
cool
so I'm really we've got a fishing rod
haha awesome so we think about we've got
three legendary that's free the two the
two origin has five last full forms of
7bz
ten twelve fourteen rows of juniper
yeah when you're nine like good I think
that's good
oh do you know something
gave nuts that I listen to this town and
I just want to show that cuz I thought
I'd be pretty cool so yeah thanks
watching